# DDoS  
<sup>2024-07-27 17:56:52 +0000</sup>  
<sup>1722103012</sup>  

I have been digging into more resources today and expanding my knowledge on the
community.  
Some of the changes so far:  
- Updated my links on [thevirtualmachine.live](https://thevirtualmachine.live/)
- removed the TikTok account. They banned me for no reason without any posts or
views. Anyways I think I am already spread across too many platforms.  
Creating these accounts and linking it all together certainly feels productive
and might just be a form of procrastination from actually writing code and 
making mistakes. Probably.  
- I hunted through alot of dead links and fought Discords captcha system for a 
while but eventually got into the dj_dave discord.  
- created account at forum.toplap.org  
- reviewed my recent posts in in_thread  

---

## Strategy 
Platform strategy is to connect all these platforms to my domain and have it
managed from there. on each social media profile I will only link my domain and
manage all content and updates there.  
Content strategy is the following:  
- Exploring artists on different platforms, and adding them to livecoding.info
- Finding Sonic PI .rb files, playing and recording them and sharing on
soundcloud. The original sources will always be attributed at the time of
posting.Any takedown/deletion requests by original authors will be respected
under the respective licence that that content was provided for. This is a
non-profit "thing" and is not expected to generate any profit or royalties. All
proceedswill go to donations to Sonic Pi, toplap and initiatives that spread
the word on livecoding culture.  
- Interviews
- creating more resources and sharing amongst relevant communities.  